add monitoring section (#269)
metalbear-co/mirrord.dev: content/docs/managing-mirrord/monitoring/index.md

---
title: "Monitoring"
description: "Monitoring with mirrord for Teams"
date: 2024-04-01T13:37:00+00:00
lastmod: 2024-04-01T13:37:00+00:00
draft: false
images: []
linktitle: "Monitoring"
menu:
docs:
teams:
weight: 500
toc: true
tags: ["team", "enterprise"]
---

## Monitoring

mirrord Operator can produce logs in JSON format to be digested by most logging solutions (DataDog, Dynatrace, etc).

> To enable JSON logging, specify `json_log: true` under `operator` in the operator helm chart values.

Author: No, we don't support any complex configuration in the setup.

> Log level is info by default, and can be altered via operator deployment env using `RUST_LOG` (directive)[https://docs.rs/tracing-subscriber/latest/tracing_subscriber/filter/struct.EnvFilter.html].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log level is info by default, and can be altered via operator container environment using `RUST_LOG` [directive](https://docs.rs/tracing-subscriber/latest/tracing_subscriber/filter/struct.EnvFilter.html).
```

> Log level is info by default, and can be altered via operator container environment using `RUST_LOG` [directive](https://docs.rs/tracing-subscriber/latest/tracing_subscriber/filter/struct.EnvFilter.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The log level is `INFO` by default, and can be changed via operator container environment using the `RUST_LOG` [directive](https://docs.rs/tracing-subscriber/latest/tracing_subscriber/filter/struct.EnvFilter.html).
```

Reviewer 2: You're sending the reader to do a Rust PhD with that link, could you just put an example instead?

> The log level is `INFO` by default, and can be changed via operator container environment using the `RUST_LOG` [directive](https://docs.rs/tracing-subscriber/latest/tracing_subscriber/filter/struct.EnvFilter.html). The most common value would be `mirrord=trace`/`mirrord=debug` etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The log level is `INFO` by default, and can be changed using the `RUST_LOG` environment variable in the Operator container, which takes values in the following format: `mirrord={log_level}` (e.g. `mirrord=debug`).
```
